# Stock_Exchange_AI_agent
- This project intends to use reinforcement learning to develop a computer agent which can make buy/sell/hold decisions based on the analysis of historical data and other potential factors such as political, social, and environmental changes to maximize the profit for finance product holders, such as stock. For this project, our intention is to design an automatic system which utilizes a reinforcement learning algorithm, which focuses on maximizing non-immediate rewards. Our project goal is to design and develop an agent to make buy/sell/hold decisions for financial products by using reinforcement learning to train the learning agent into making rational financial decisions. Some of our additional project requirements include the ability to vary financial decisions based on users’ time constraints, and the agent being able to handle at least 10000 financial data points.
For our final design, our system consists of 3 main blocks, which includes the data processing block, the reinforcement learning agent, and the baseline approach block. The first and second blocks combine to carry out the RL agent approach, while the first and third blocks combine to a baseline approach, used to serve as a performance baseline. Data is gathered and processed by the data processor and passed into the reinforcement learning agent, which will perform the training and performance evaluation. Finally, the model trained will be benchmarked with the baseline approach to compare the agent with conventional trading strategies. While we had many difficult choices to make for our system, we believe that this is one of the most effective systems given the necessary trade-offs of training efficiency and data size.
- In terms of final testing, our main objectives were to test that the agent demonstrates a learning process through more iterations of training, as well as the agent being able to perform better than a baseline algorithm that does not utilize reinforcement learning. As such, to prove the performance of the agent is not dependent on any certain stock and any certain market circumstances, we selected 5 different stock for 5 different years to demonstrate the results were not stock specific or time specific.
- As our results demonstrate, our RL agent is able to demonstrate improving accuracy at making buy-sell decisions through iterations of training, as well as being able to perform better than average, commonly used techniques, and this shows that with further research and improvements, reinforcement learning has the potential to improve the overall investment industry.
